<h1>Kikaishin: The Not-To-Forget Tool API (Kikaishin API)</h1>
<br>
<h2>What is Kikaishin API?</h2>
<p>Backend to provide business logic to client implementations empowered by Kikaishin functionality. For thechnical details please refer to <a href="http://93.188.166.196:80/kikaishin/documentation" target="_blank">Kikaishin API Documentation</a>.</p>
<br>
<h2>Ok but what is Kikaishin in the first place?</h2>
<p>Kikaishin is the result of approaching the goal of providing a robust way of not forgetting what we struggle to learn. That's right! physics, math or programming concepts won't be a concern any more.</p>
<p>Is based on "Spaced Review", which is proven to be the best approach for us humans to learn and keep not forgeting what we learn.</p>
<p>For details, please refer to <a href="https://psychology.ucsd.edu/undergraduate-program/undergraduate-resources/academic-writing-resources/effective-studying/spaced-practice.html">UC San Diego, Department of Psychology: Spaced Practice</a></p>
<br>
<h2>How is it supposed to help?</h2>
<p>Before going any further, there are a coulple of things we will need to cover in order to provide the correct scope regarding this matter.</p>
<h3>What is the core of Kikaishin?</h3>
<p>When are we able to activate our neurons so that recently learned concepts come to our mind? You guessed it! At the moment we need the information. The smallest thing that can trigger this activation on in our day to day life is, of course, the concept of "Question".</p>
<p>A question is a prompt that serves as request to our mind so that the correct information is gathered, transformed, related and formed as the answer. This very process makes stronger the link between our brain and the information needed to answer. This activity is called a review.</p>
<p>The more times a review is performed, the stronger the information will be linked to our brain. With each iteration, the need to keep asking the same question becomes smaller because the link is stronger every time.</p>
<p>From above we can conclude that we can keep adding time between reviews until the concepts encapsuled by the question are "learned". This increase in the amount of time from review to review is what gives sense the "Spaced" mentioned in "Spaced Review".</p>
<h3>Easy to understand conceptual hierarchy</h3>
<p>You can order your recently acquiered knowledge by suitably selecting the container of the question.</p>
<h4>Question</h4>
<p>This is what you really want to understand. A question is composed of 3 things: question body, answers and clues. Question body is the text that declares the question that you want to review. We usually use the character "?" at the end of a question to limit this declaration and we recommend this usage whenever creating a new question.</p>
<p>A question must have at least one answer. For example, question: "How many states of matter are there?", answer: "4".</p>
<p>A question can also have multiple answers. The multi-answer feature of kikaishin is to provide support to those questions that need order in the answer. For example, what is the lacking word in "何時に交番[opening]ですか"?. Answer 1: [開始], Answer 2: [かいし]; the second depending of the first.</p>
<p>A question can optionally have clues. A clue is a piece of information that helps construct the path to answer. For example, question: "How do we see the colors of things?", clue: "Things absorb light and also reflect light.", answer: "Because light that is not abserbed by things is reflected and reaches our eyes.". Just as with answers, a question can have multiple clues that have an order every next one providing more information that the previous.</p>
<h4>Topic</h4>
<p>This is the second in importance part of Kikaishin structure. Whenever new knowledge is generated by studying, investigating, etc. you will need to break it down in digestible parts. This new knowledge is a topic. And the smaller parts are questions. For example, when studying math:</p>
<p>Topic title: "Division".</p>
<ul>
    <li>Question 1: "What is divisor?"</li>
    <li>Question 2: "What is quotient?"</li>
    <li>Question 3: "What is dividend?"</li>
    <li>Question 4: "What is remainder?"</li>
    <li>Question 5: "Where is located dividend in division notation?"</li>
</ul>
<p>The main idea of the topic is to organize the information so that when underlying questions are mastered, then the topic is mastered.</p>
<p>Whenever a topic is created, a new "Lookup Key" is generated. This lookup key is a unique identifier composed of 30 characters that will allow you to track any third party knowledge source. This is specially useful when for studying you use a notebook. Specially digital ones that can leverage the search functionality. For example, if at any given point you want to review a more general scope the topic, then lookup key can be copied and searched in the notebook.</p>
<h4>The other containers: Shelf and Book</h4>
<p>The other containers are Shelf and Book. Their purpose is to organize hierarchically. In General Shelf as in the library, separate the knowledge by big scope, for example, Finance, Programing, Math, etc.; on the other hand, Book is inner separator of a Shelf. For example, for Shelf Math, we would like to have Books Arithmetic and Algebra.</p>
<p>Example structure:</p>
<ul>
    <li>Shelf: Math</li>
    <ul>
        <li>Book: Arithmetic</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Topic: Sum</li>
            <li>Topic: Multiplication</li>
            <li>Topic: Subtraction</li>
            <li>Topic: Division</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Book: Algebra</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Topic: Variables</li>
            <li>Topic: Equations</li>
            <li>Topic: Factorization</li>
        </ul>
    </ul>
</ul>
<h4>Review Model</h4>
<p>The complete answer: is a quadratic function that provides the next expected days to review. f(x)=ax + bx^2 + c. f(x) is the amount of time (days) to wait until next review is required. x is the count of reviews performed plus 1 implying count of next review. So to understand correctly the review model we need to understand that total to wait days are dependant of what is the count for next review. Values a, b, c are provided by user that is empower to model how often a question needs to be reviewed. At least value for c is required to provide constant period.</p>
<p>The quick answer: is a method used to provide time to wait until next review is needed.</p>
<p>Review model is saved by question, meaning that every question have its own review model.</p>
